dorsals remastered has after a lengthy
delay finally arrived on the entender
switch while this is really a technical
and graphical polishing of the original
the switches handheld mode adds an
absorbing new dimension to what is for
me at least a very familiar experience
it also did something I wasn't expecting
it made the return to Lordran feel oddly
new if you don't know much about Dark
Souls here's what I Jian said when it
first came to consoles Dark Souls can be
punishing cruel sadistic and
uncompromising it can also give you the
purest most thrilling adrenaline rush in
gaming and once you're hooked
it's amongst the deepest most rewarding
experiences that modern games can offer
and all of that still holds true the art
CIL's remains one the most demanding but
rewarding action RPGs ever made set
across an intricately designed world
that yields its secrets only to the most
intrepid and curious

but one criticism that can be fairly
leveled at the original is its shocking
performance in certain areas Blighttown
already a hostile environment for any
player was a notoriously played by
crippling framerate issues that may
navigating its corner of dump ice and
toxic diets even harder thankfully those
problems have been ironed out here I
reached the end of the game regularly
switching between dots and handheld mode
and never encountered anything that
diminished my experience the switch
version supports 1080p in TV mode which
is still an improvement on the original
and 720p in handheld mode both run at
steady 30 frames per second while this
is technically inferior to the 60 frames
per second 4k experience available on
ps4 pro Xbox one and PC is still a
refreshing upgrade from the original fey
really didn't affect my enjoyment
whatsoever it also doesn't have all the
texture improvements that you can find
on those platforms but it really only
suffers in a direct side-by-side
comparison and wasn't something that
attracted from my experience especially
in handheld mode
the exceptional artorias of the abyss
expansion is included but outside of
that there are no major changes to the
core experience there are however a
handful of quality of life improvements
that address some very small dated
issues with the original you can now
easily consume multiple items at once
making it much less laborious if you
want to buy something with collected
Souls or deepen your allegiance to a
covenant incidentally it's also possible
to switch covenants at any bonfire you
no longer have to make a long trip to
visit its leader a small change but one
that makes exploring Dark Souls oblique
multiplayer aspects a little bit easier
these are all minor amendments change is
made with seven years worth of hindsight
but long time players will feel more
keenly than newcomers but they're
welcome nevertheless but the option to
play Dark Souls in handheld mode is by
far the best thing about the switch
version when it was first announced for
the platform the idea of conferencing or
when seeing a smile on public transport
sounded farcical
but in practice Diet sauce feels oddly
suited to a portable device I found
myself using commutes to get to the next
bonfire do one more boss run or grind
souls to buy upgrade materials if you're
familiar with the structure of Dark
Souls it's easy to give yourself errands
to do which suit the pick up and put
down nature of a portable console I
thought it would be a nice option rather
than my preferred way to play panel mode
ended up presenting me with a new spin
on a familiar adventure the surprisingly
interconnected world of Lordran
looks lovely on the switches smaller
screen the spy is lower resolution one
slight grievance is that how to
frequently adjust the brightness saying
when switching between the TV and
handheld modes and bizarrely there's no
option on the switch to downsize Dark
Souls is jumbo sized hood which is
available on other versions of the
remastered edition but both are minor
gripes against what is otherwise a
fantastic poor
dials remastered is a technically better
version of an already exceptional game
while the switch version may like some
of the higher-end features available
other platforms it still presents a more
pristine version of the original and
importantly as exciting an absorbing
option to explore Lord Ram on a portable
device if you want to see how the switch
version handles Blighttown
watch this video or if you want to see
me guide this guy through dire souls
watch prepare to try